Distributed Stock Analysis System Requirements Document
1. Overview
This system enables distributed processing of stock data using multiple machines within a network. By leveraging Flask for the web interface, Celery for task distribution, and Redis as the broker, this system processes stock data and generates predictions in parallel across machines, improving speed and scalability.

2. Functional Requirements
2.1 Web Interface
User Interface: The system should provide a simple web interface where users can input a list of stock symbols and request trend analysis and predictions.
Input: A list of stock symbols (e.g., ['AAPL', 'GOOG', 'MSFT']).
Output: The system returns the calculated trends (moving averages) and predicted future stock prices for each symbol.
Endpoints:
/: Home page to serve the interface.
/get_trends: Accepts POST requests to process stock data. Requires a JSON body with a list of stock symbols.
Request Body:
json
Copy code
{
  "symbols": ["AAPL", "GOOG", "MSFT"]
}
Response:
json
Copy code
{
  "results": [
    {"symbol": "AAPL", "trend": [1.23, 1.25, 1.30], "predictions": [1.31, 1.35, 1.40]},
    {"symbol": "GOOG", "trend": [2.34, 2.36, 2.40], "predictions": [2.45, 2.50, 2.55]}
  ],
  "status": "success",
  "message": "Trends and predictions calculated successfully"
}
2.2 Stock Data Fetching and Prediction
Fetch stock data for the past year using Yahoo Finance (via the yfinance library).
Calculate a moving average for the stock's closing prices.
Use Linear Regression (via the scikit-learn library) to predict future prices for the next 5 days.
2.3 Distributed Processing
Task Distribution:
The system will distribute the task of fetching stock data, calculating trends, and making predictions across multiple machines using Celery.
Each machine will run a Celery worker that processes tasks.
The master machine running Flask will send tasks to Celery workers via Redis (acting as the broker).
Concurrency:
Each Celery worker can process tasks concurrently, utilizing multiple CPU cores of the worker machines.
3. Technical Requirements
3.1 Software Dependencies
The following software and libraries are required for both master and worker machines:

Python 3.x (Recommended: Python 3.7+)
Flask: For serving the web interface.
Celery: For distributed task processing.
Redis: For message brokering between the Flask app and Celery workers.
yfinance: For fetching stock data from Yahoo Finance.
scikit-learn: For performing linear regression and making predictions.
numpy: For handling numerical computations.
pandas: For handling stock data (optional, depending on how data is handled).
Required Packages:
bash
Copy code
pip install redis celery yfinance flask scikit-learn numpy pandas
3.2 Redis Setup
Redis Server: A Redis server must be installed and running to act as the message broker between the Flask app and Celery workers.
Installation:
Windows: Install Redis from here.
Linux: Use sudo apt-get install redis-server.
Mac: Use brew install redis.
Configuration:
Redis must be accessible by all worker machines in the network. The master machine (running Flask) should point to the Redis server via redis://localhost:6379/0.
3.3 Celery Setup
Celery Workers: Each worker machine must run a Celery worker process that listens for tasks and executes them.
Start the worker with the following command:
bash
Copy code
celery -A app2.celery worker --loglevel=info
Workers can be distributed across multiple machines in the same network. Each machine running a worker can contribute to processing tasks.
3.4 Flask Application Setup
Flask App: The Flask app should be configured to send tasks to Celery.

It should expose the /get_trends endpoint to receive requests from users.
Environment: Flask should run on localhost or the desired IP address, and it should listen on port 5000.
Running Flask:

bash
Copy code
python app2.py
4. System Architecture
4.1 Master Machine (Flask)
The Flask app (running app2.py) runs on the master machine, which accepts requests via HTTP and sends tasks to the Redis server.
4.2 Worker Machines (Celery)
Each worker machine runs a Celery worker that listens for tasks from the Redis server.
The Celery worker fetches stock data, processes trends, and makes predictions, then returns the results to the Flask app.
4.3 Redis Server
Redis is the central message broker that enables communication between the Flask app and Celery workers. The workers pull tasks from the Redis queue, process them, and return the results.
4.4 Data Flow
User sends a POST request to the /get_trends endpoint with stock symbols.
Flask app sends tasks to the Redis server for each stock symbol.
Celery worker(s) fetch stock data, process trends, and make predictions.
Celery worker(s) return results to Flask.
Flask app returns the processed results (trends and predictions) back to the user.
5. Hardware Requirements
5.1 Master Machine
CPU: Any modern multi-core processor (e.g., Intel Core i5 or better).
RAM: 8 GB or more.
Network: Connection to the Redis server (either locally or over the network).
5.2 Worker Machines
CPU: Any modern multi-core processor (e.g., Intel Core i5 or better).
RAM: 8 GB or more per worker.
Network: Connection to the Redis server.
5.3 Redis Server
CPU: Multi-core server or cloud instance (e.g., 2 CPU cores or more).
RAM: At least 4 GB, depending on the number of tasks being processed.
Storage: Redis runs in memory, so enough RAM is needed for the data size.
6. Performance Requirements
Scalability: The system should be able to scale horizontally by adding more worker machines to increase processing power.
Concurrency: Celery workers should be able to process multiple tasks concurrently, depending on the number of CPU cores available.
7. Security Considerations
Redis Security: Secure the Redis instance using authentication (password protection) if it's exposed to the network. Ensure that Redis is not publicly accessible unless it's encrypted or properly secured.
Flask Security: Implement basic input validation and error handling to prevent malicious input and attacks.
8. Testing and Quality Assurance
Unit Tests: Test each function, particularly the stock data fetching and prediction functions.
Integration Tests: Test the complete data flow from the Flask app to Celery workers and back.
Load Testing: Simulate high traffic and ensure that the system can handle multiple concurrent requests efficiently.
9. Deployment
Master Machine (Flask): Deploy the Flask application on a server accessible by users.
Redis: Deploy Redis on a dedicated server or cloud instance. Ensure it's secured and can handle the task load.
Worker Machines: Deploy Celery workers on multiple machines, ensuring they can connect to the Redis server.

hello
